docs: add semi relative time ranges (#67559)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/use-dashboards/index.md

| This Year              | `now/Y`     | `now/Y`     |
| Previous fiscal year   | `now-1y/fy` | `now-1y/fy` |

{{% admonition type="Note" %}}

Grafana Alerting does not support the following syntaxes at this time:

- now+n for future timestamps.

> - now-1n/n for "start of n until end of n" because this is an absolute timestamp.

Author: @brendamuir - I've added a note in the semi-relative time range section about it not being supported in Alerting, but this note was already here and I just wanted to check with you that it's still valid.

This section also displays recently used absolute ranges.

#### Semi-relative time range

{{% admonition type="Note" %}}

Grafana Alerting does not support semi-relative time ranges.

{{% /admonition %}}

> You can also use the absolute time range settings to set a semi-relative time range. Semi-relative time range dashboards are useful when you need to monitor the progress of something over time, but you also want to see the entire history from a beginning point in time.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the absolute time range settings to set a semi-relative time range. Semi-relative time range dashboards are useful when you need to monitor the progress of something over time, but you also want to see the entire history from a starting point.
```
